Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik and West Bengal counterpart Mamata Banerjee gave a call to protect the country's federal structure during a meeting at the former's residence, here, on Thursday. The meeting, which lasted for about 40 minutes, comes in the backdrop of Mamata's interaction with Samajwadi Party chief Akhilesh Yadav in Kolkata last week, triggering speculation of a possible non-Congress opposition taking on the BJP in the 2024 general elections. On Friday, Mamata is scheduled to meet former Karnataka chief minister and JD(S) president H D Kumaraswamy in Kolkata. But both Mamata and Naveen denied they had any serious political discussion. "There was no in-depth discussion on any serious political matter. We just said that the federal structure in India should remain strong and permanent," Naveen said. Mamata seconded Naveen's view. "I fully support and appreciate Naveen ji's stand that our country's federal structure should remain strong and unharmed. The federal structure should be strengthened. We discussed about the nation's safety and protection of democratic rights," Mamata said after the meeting at Naveen Niwas. Though Naveen has never been vocal against the Narendra Modi government, Mamata has, in the past, accused the Centre of allegedly trying to bulldoze the federal structure by using the CBI, ED and other agencies. Describing Naveen as a tall leader with a great legacy, Mamata said, "I am grateful to Naveen ji for extending excellent hospitality during my three-day stay in Odisha. I am also grateful to Naveen ji for handing over a 2-acre land in Puri to our government to build a government guest house for tourists." The West Bengal chief minister, meanwhile, requested Naveen to support her state's business community to avail iron ore from Odisha. "We know that Odisha is a golden area in iron ore. I told Naveen ji that our merchant chamber of commerce and industry are interested to sign MoU with the Odisha government to get iron ore for business purposes," she said, adding that she has invited Naveen to West Bengal.