A woman travelling in a Uber cab had a harrowing experience on Wednesday after its driver turned violent as she changed her drop location. The driver was arrested later. Police said the driver did not want to go to the new location and asked the woman to get off. But when she was getting off at north Delhi's Civil Lines, the driver, identified as Pawan, sped off with her belongings. The woman fell and suffered injuries, and was taken to a nearby hospital, which informed police. A spokesperson of Uber termed the incident "unfortunate". According to police, around 4pm on Wednesday, the 22-year-old woman, who is pursuing her MBA through distance learning, booked the cab from Majnu ka Tila after finishing a meal for her aunt's house in Ashok Vihar. When the cab reached near Vishwavidyalaya, she changed the location to Dilshad Garden. Even as the cab reached near the Vidhan Sabha, an argument started between the two as the cabbie refused to go to Dilshad Garden. He said it was not on his route and asked the woman to get off. When she was alighting from the car, he drove off in a rash and negligent manner. The woman's belongings, even her mobile phone, remained in the car. "Police were informed by the hospital about a woman who was brought there in an injured condition. The woman stated that the Uber driver got annoyed after she changed the destination and sped away with her belongings while she fell. The woman sustained injuries on the knee, head, arm and foot," said Sagar Singh Kalsi, DCP, North. A case under sections of rash and negligent driving and theft was registered at the Civil Lines police station. The driver of the cab was arrested later. All the stolen articles, including the mobile phone, have been recovered from him, Kalsi added. In a statement, a Uber spokesperson said, "This is an unfortunate incident. Rash and unsafe driving violates our community guidelines, which help maintain safety standards on our platform. We continue to extend all possible support to the law enforcement authorities and have removed the driver's access to the Uber app." 